[7.1.0] Update Kafka-Connector doc with Avro Message support (#2783)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/kafka-connector/3.0.x/kafka-connector-producer-example.md

# Kafka Connector Example

> Given below is a sample scenario that demonstrates how to send messages to a Kafka broker via Kafka topics. The publishMessages operation allows you to publish messages to the Kafka brokers via Kafka topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given below is a sample scenario that demonstrates how to send messages to a Kafka broker via Kafka topics. The `publishMessages` operation allows you to publish messages to the Kafka brokers via Kafka topics.
```

## What you'll build

Given below is a sample API that illustrates how you can connect to a Kakfa broker with the `init` operation and then use the `publishMessages` operation to publish messages via the topic. It exposes Kakfa functionalities as a RESTful service. Users can invoke the API using HTTP/HTTPs with the required information.

> API has the context `/publishMessages`. It will publish messages via the topic to the Kafka server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API has the context `/publishMessages`. It publishes messages via the topic to the Kafka server.
```
